Merge main into beta (26.1 updates + rpk docs automation) (#1810)
redpanda-data/documentation: docs/deploy/deployment-option/cloud/managed-connectors/create-jdbc-source-connector.mdx

## Troubleshoot

Most JDBC Source connector issues are identified in the connector creation phase.

> Invalid `Include tables` are reported in logs. Select `Show Logs` button to find error details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Invalid `Include tables` are reported in logs. Select **Show Logs** to view error details.
```
